Technology/service provided = TimeNet/Flextime

Deliverables
TimeNet is the company who provide time management software/hardware for the council.
In terms of hardware, they provide and install the physical clock-in machines within the council offices. They also provide the software which is used to produce reports for management, regarding employee’s attendance and punctuality. In addition, TimeNet deliver training to managers, in order for them to gain an understanding of the system and how it works, in case they are required to manually change the arrival and departure times of their team members. Finally, they are responsible for providing all of the required licensing agreements as well as support and maintenance if the system was to go down. 

Delivery mechanisms
In order to provide the above deliverables, TimeNet would be required to assign a group of technicians to visit the premises to manually install the clock-in machines within the council’s offices. These technicians would also be required to set up the software responsible for tracking the times that employees clock in and out. On the other hand, the training to get managers accustomed to the system could be delivered in various ways. For example, a workshop could be ran by TimeNet where the key features of the system are presented to the line/team managers in attendance. Alternatively, a live demonstration of the system could be displayed and discussed during a conference/meeting between TimeNet and Council employees.  

Key processes
1.	Install clock-in machines within council offices 
2.	Install software to enable absence monitoring 
3.	Train/inform managers of processes involved in administrating system e.g. approval procedure, clock-in/out method, manually amending employee times
4.	Provide support and maintenance if system goes down or has issues

Format
The contract includes a detailed description of the product being offered, including the functionality provided along with it. In addition, the contract contains timescales outlining when each installation (hardware and software) would be carried out. Furthermore, it describes how many training sessions would be provided by TimeNet and on which dates these sessions would take place. Finally, the contract explains Timenet’s assurance that they will be on hand to provide support and maintenance should the system encounter any errors or if it was to be rendered unavailable for some reason or the other.   

Stakeholders and Critical Success Factors (CSF)   
One of the stakeholders of this system is the HR department, as they are legislatively required to monitor employees time data. CSF for them would be that the software stores this information and allows reports to be created from it. A second stakeholder would be the users of the system themselves as they would need to have their attendance data up to date in order to be paid correctly for the hours they’ve worked. Because of this the CSF for the user is that the data recorded is correct as incorrect data could have an inadvertent effect of their pay. By extension, the users managers’ are also an important stakeholder as they are responsible for monitoring the attendance of their team members. As a result, CSF for them is also correct data.  
