In order to achieve payback on the project (to replace the existing production systems of the main factory) it will take approximately 25 months. Out of these 25 months, 6 of them would be spent getting to a point where the company is able to break even. This is because it would be necessary to recoup the £400,000 spent on implementing the new production line as well as the £1500,000 that would be loss due to a halt in production during the months where acclimatisation to the new system would be required. Once break even has been achieved, the firm would require an additional 19 months in order to see enough profit from the now increased productivity, in order for the project to be deemed successful.   

There are many financial factors in this project. Firstly, the initial £400,000 cost of the project would have to be financed some way. A suggestion for generating this outlay is by procuring a business loan. This has its pros and cons, with its main advantage being that it allows the company to proceed with the project immediately, instead of delaying it till the recommended amount of funds is available. On the other hand, a drawback of this approach is that it leaves the company susceptible to the banks interest rates which could dent the company’s finance as they would have to pay back more than they originally borrowed. However, if the company are not able to fund this project themselves, they would be left with no option but to apply for this loan.           
	
If this is the case it would be wise for the company to enlist lawyers (either their own or contracted in) to read over the terms and conditions of the loan to ensure that the company does not bind itself to clauses non-favourable to itself. In this case this money can be used to pay the wages of these lawyers. Furthermore, agreements to purchase any of the new systems with the system providers would need to be ironed out. This again requires the lawyers’ input as well a considerable amount of money to transfer to the providers in return for procurement of the new systems. In addition, it would be a prudent measure to insure all of these new systems, which of course would also necessitate financing.            

Another point of consideration is the cost of removing the old systems. In respect to this, it is preferable that this is done as inexpensively and as efficiently as possible. To ensure that this occurs it might be worth enquiring about any available removal companies and checking the backgrounds of these companies, to make sure they have a suitable track record of punctuality in terms of their removals.  

Finally, some of the funds from the project budget will inevitable have to be spent on training employees on correct use of the new systems. Ideally this would be conducted by a reputable training provider. 
