Arrangement and resources
The first step when arranging and planning for this project is to hire a director of production to be accountable for its success or failure. This director would be responsible for overseeing the removal of the old systems and that their replacements are able to adequately continue production; in some cases, even increase it. This should be done as cost effectively as possible. When appointing this director, the company may desire to search internally, which would be advantageous as if an internal candidate is found, that candidate is likely to have a pre-existing understanding of the company, including its employees, culture, procedures and the systems which are to be replaced.      
A crucial second step would be to research which (new) systems would be able to serve as potential replacements for the outgoing ones. This would then be followed by identifying, from these aforementioned systems, suitable replacements for the current payroll/personnel, accounting and manufacturing systems. During this process, many factors, such as overall cost, level of support provided and features included would have to be taken into consideration. Once these replacements are identified, the manufacturers and suppliers of those systems would need to be contacted, in order to inquire about the availability of such systems. During this step, a detailed list of specifications for each of the systems would have to be presented to the providers/manufacturers so that the company does not end up in a situation whereby they have a novel, albeit non-functional system, due to misunderstandings on the part of the suppliers/manufacturers on the desired requirements from the provided system.
Thirdly, in order to install these new systems, the existing ones must be removed beforehand. To this end, it will be necessary to enlist the services of a removal firm which has been vetted so that its reliability and timelessness can be established. This is important as otherwise the project could be held up due to having to wait longer than expected for the firm to remove certain systems from the premises. In order to minimise disruption to the factories overall production, it would be wise to phase the removal of the systems rather than removing all of them at once.
The next step, once the old equipment is removed, would be to install the new ones, ensuring that any data to be relocated has been protected from loss and/or corruption. Keeping this in mind, it is of crucial importance that this data is backed up in case any complications occur during the transfer which entails that the data be restored. Finally, some of these systems would vary considerably, in terms of functionality and usability, from what the majority of the company’s employees would be accustomed to. Therefore, it would be incumbent of the company to provide suitable training to all of the employees who would be involved in using or maintaining these systems.  
