System introduced – Audio/video equipment in ‘Health and Social Care (HSC)’ rooms

Key stakeholders:

Academics/teachers
Power - low as they are not involved in implementing the equipment.
Interest – low unless equipment was shown to aide students with their studies, in which case would be high. 
Critical success factor (CSF)- Equipment is successful in improving students’ education e.g. positive student feedback received or increase to student grades in tests/exam/assignments. 

Students
Power – like teachers, low as they are also not involved in implementing the equipment.
However, could be consulted throughout the project as it is being done to benefit them, in which case their power would be medium.
Interest – high/medium for students on courses which take place in the HSC rooms.
Very low for students who do not use these rooms.  
CSF- Equipment is successful in assisting their learning and to improve their grades.

Clients (patients who require therapy)
Power – like students and teachers, low as they are also not involved in implementing the equipment.
Interest – high as they are able to use to equipment to aide in their therapy
CSF- the equipment is beneficial to them in terms of helping them while they undergo therapy.

Technical support team
Power - low initially as they are not involved in the implementation of the equipment. However afterwards they will gain more power as they will then be responsible for providing support. 
Interest – high as they will be responsible for providing support for the equipment if needs be.
CSF- training is provided to a satisfactory level so that they are able to provide support when required.

Equipment supplier
Power - very high as they are responsible for manufacturing/distributing and installing the equipment. 
Interest - high as they are dealing with a customer (MMU) who can withhold payment if equipment is not of a satisfactory level or is installed incorrectly.
CSF- Equipment provided is conforming to specifications specified in product brief. Equipment also installed correctly and is functional, in order to avoid customer complaints. 

Legal/security teams
Power - high as they are able to intervene if laws such as GDPR or the security of the system is breached.
Interest - in the system as a whole, would be low unless a vulnerability was identified, in which case would be high.  
CSF- that data is able to be stored in a secure way so that the university is not liable to lawsuits.    

Health and Care Professions Council (HCPC) / Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists (RCSLT)
Power – very high as they are able to impose fines for regulation breaches.
Interest – very low, unless they were notified of a regulation breach, in which case would be high. 
CSF- that regulations are not breached.    

Head of department
Power - high as head of department is Senior Responsible Officer (SRO) so is authorised to stop project abruptly if deemed necessary. 
Interest – high as SRO is accountable for the success/failure of this project.  
CSF- that the equipment is set up in accordance to project brief.    
